Install Vertex (#2085)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/pbc/all/tax-management/202307.0/vertex/install-vertex.md

class CalculableObjectCustomerWithVertexCodeExpanderPlugin extends AbstractPlugin implements CalculableObjectTaxAppExpanderPluginInterface
{
    /**
     * @param \Generated\Shared\Transfer\CalculableObjectTransfer $calculableObjectTransfer
     *
     * @return \Generated\Shared\Transfer\CalculableObjectTransfer
     */
    public function expand(CalculableObjectTransfer $calculableObjectTransfer): CalculableObjectTransfer
    {
        $calculableObjectTransfer->getTaxMetadata()->setCustomer(['customerCode' => ['classCode' => 'vertex-customer-code']]);

        return $calculableObjectTransfer;
    }
}
```

#### Configure Customer Exemption Certificate Expander plugins

For order:

`Pyz/Zed/{YourDesiredModule}/Communication/Plugin/Order/OrderCustomerWithVertexExemptionCertificateExpanderPlugin.php`

and for quote:

`Pyz/Zed/{YourDesiredModule}/Communication/Plugin/Quote/CalculableObjectCustomerWithVertexExemptionCertificateExpanderPlugin.php`

> The following code sample shows how to introduce the following expander plugins:

Reviewer: If you want to mention the plugins above, then rephrase this sentence as follows:
```suggestion
The following code sample shows how to implement the previously mentioned plugins:
```
